A clean conscience is a soft pillow.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend will soon bring you a gift.
A good beginning is only half done.
A good example is the best sermon.
A good time to start something new.
A new challenge is near.
A package of value will arrive soon.
A pet will always brighten your day.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
All people smile in the same language.
An unexpected event soon will bring you happiness.
Any fool can criticize. Many do.
Attitude more than aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Be alert!  You're about to make a new lifelong friend.
Be alert, practical and honest.
Be what you wish others to become.
Before honor is humility.
Before receiving honor, you must have humility.
Compliments cost nothing yet can give so much.
Discover the power within yourself.
Do everything with confidence.
Do not let society paralyze you with its limits.
Do not rush through life, pause and enjoy it.
Do onto others as you would have them do onto you.
Do something unusual tomorrow.
Do that which your heart tells you.
Don't tell all you know but know all you tell
Fail to prepare and prepare to fail.
First things first.
Espera por lo mejor, pero preparate para lo peor.
Esta alert, practico y honesto.
Está alerta!&nbsp; Vas a hacer una amigo para toda la vida.
Ethos/Credibility, Pathos/Empathy, Logos/Logic. You need all three.
Eventos importantes estan en tu futuro.
Every baby born into the world is a finer one than the last. ~ Charles Dickens
Every baby comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged.
Everything bows to success, even grammar. - Victor Hugo
Everything we have we owe to God.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. ~ Marston
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way. - Booker T. Washington
Fail to plan and plan to fail.
Fail to prepare and prepare to fail.
Failure is success trying to be born.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail. - John Wooden
Families are like fudge... mostly sweet with a few nuts.
Fear of failure is the biggest obstacle to success.
Fear of knowing is very deeply a fear of doing. - Maslov
Felices eventos tomarán lugar proximamente en tu hogar.
Feliz cumpleanos!
First things first.
First, become inspired.  Then: plan, organize, direct, monitor.
First, understand. Then, be understood.
First, understand. Then, be understood.
Follow your dream... take one step at a time, and just continue to climb.
Follow your heart and you'll never get lost.
For children is there any happiness which is not also noise? - Frederick Faber
For each criticism give four compliments.
For the wise man, every day is a festival.
Forget goals. Value the process. - Jim Bouton
Forget yesterday: Tomorrow will be a golden day for you.
Free advice is usually worth what you paid for it.
Friendships are made, not discovered.
Do that which your heart tells you.
Do you act or react?
Domestic peace is the luxury you enjoy between the baby's bedtime and your own.
Don't agonize. Organize! - Florynce Kennedy
Don't buy someone else's problems. - Chinese Saying
Don't control. Enlist support.
Don't hog your knowledge &amp; wisdom.
Don't let the success of Christmas be measured by the money that is spent.
Don't let your advertisements get ahead of your reality.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out and do something remarkable.
Don't show all your gold at once.
Don't show all your gold at once.
Don't tell all you know but know all you tell
Drive the business, or it will drive thee. - Ben Franklin
Drive the business, or it will drive thee. - Ben Franklin
Each day comes bearing gifts.
Each day comes just once in a lifetime, today you are creating tomorrow's memories.
Each year January 1 brings the arrival of the New Year and the survival of Christmas.
Early 1800's, Cooperstown restricted play of 'townball' after too many broken store windows complaints.
Economy is the wealth of the poor and the wisdom of the rich. - French
Education is the best provision for old age. - Aristotle
Either it's hot in here, or they just lit the candles on your birthday cake.
Complete heath and awakening are really the same thing. - Tarthang Tulku
Compliments cost nothing yet can give so much.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
Conceptualize. Organize. Sell. Then Do.
Confucius say, 'Man who studies hard, lives prosperous life.'
Confucius say, 'Man with college degree is one smart cookie!'
Confucius says when prosperity comes, do not use all of it.
Congratulations on your recent heir raising occasion!
Consultant: one who looks at your watch and tells you the time.
Convierte tus sueños en realidad.
Creditors have better memories than debtors. - Benjamin Franklin
Crtl+z does not work when writing the term paper for life.
Cuidado de malgastar este mes.
Cuidado en quien confías tus confidencías.
Cuidado en tus negocios financieros.
Cut the cake!
Cycles tend to become self-perpetuating.
De todas las cosas que usas, tu expresión es la mas notable.
Deja que tu personalidad brillé esta noche.
Delay It; Or Drop It.
Descubre la fuerza dentro de tí.
Discover the power within yourself.
Distrust interested advice. - AESOP
Do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus. (Col. 3:17)
Do everything with confidence.
Do it, delegate it, or delay it.
Do It; Delegate It;
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not let society paralyze you with its limits.
Do not rush through life, pause and enjoy it.
Be proactive, not reactive.
Be slow in your words and earnest in your conduct. - Confucius
Be what you wish others to become.
Becoming a Mother is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.
Before honor is humility.
Before receiving honor, you must have humility.
Being influenceable is key to influencing others.
Beware of lovers bearing fortune cookies...
Birthdays are merely mind over matter.  If you don't mind, it doesn't matter!
Blend receptivity with action.
Blessed are the risk takers for they shall bring us tomorrow.
Blue eyes will bring deep &amp; abiding love.
Bring this season and a new year of health, happiness and prosperity.
Buenas noticias estan en camino para tí.
Buenas noticias estan en tu camino.
Busca el proxímo mes para sopresas placenteras.
Busca los mejores lugares y encontraras felicidad.
Busca por felicidad y la encontraras.
Business is more exciting than any game. - Lord Beaverbrook
Business is more exciting than any game. - Lord Beaverbrook
Business Is Not Busy-Ness.
Business Is Not Busy-Ness.
Business people, more than politicians, will solve the nations problems.
Business people, more than politicians, will solve the nations problems.
By spending oneself, one becomes rich. - Sarah Bernhardt
By the work one knows the worker. - Jean de la Fontaine
Celebrate the 2012th anniversary of the birth of Christ and our redemption through Him.
Champagne, cake, and birthday laughter... dieting and aspirins the day after.
Change before you have to.
Choose a job you love and you will never need to work. - Confucius
Christmas is when Santa comes down the chimney and your savings down the drain.
Cleaning house while your kids are growing up is like shoveling snow before it stops snowing.
Communication is the currency of leadership.
Communication is your most important source of power.
An admirer wants to take you on a South Seas cruise.
An alarm clock is a device to awake people who don't have babies.
An old-fashioned, romantic Valentine's Day awaits you at a country inn.
An unexpected event soon will bring you happiness.
And remember that behind every successful woman......is a basket of dirty laundry.
Answers make you wise, but questions make you human.
Antes del honor es la humilidad.
Any fool can criticize. Many do.
Anyone who says things are in bad shape these days, hasn't seen you lately.
Appreciate your own uniqueness and talents.
As is the mother, so is her daughter.
As trust increases, so, too, does efficiency.
Aside from survival, people most want to be understood.
Ask questions first. Then state your opinions.
Attitude more than aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Ayudar a un amigo es como ayudarte tu mismo.
Babe Ruth struck out 1,330 times out of 8,399 at bats.
Babies are angels whose wings grow shorter as their legs grow longer.
Babies are Mother Nature's way of saying there is more to life than sleep.
Babies are such a nice way to start people. - Don Herald
Baby - a little person who is subject to change without notice.
Bad habits are hard to break, especially if you like them.
Be alert!  You're about to make a new lifelong friend.
Be alert, practical and honest.
Be careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Be careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
Be careful in whom you share your confidence.
Be careful not to overspend this month.
Be careful of extravagance.
Be cautious in your financial dealings.
Be efficient with things. With people, be effective.
Be honest and fair to everyone - whether a deeply loved family member or a stranger.
Be nice to people on your way up. You may meet them on your way down.
Be patient - the true love you seek will appear.
Be prepared! You will receive a romantic message from a secret admirer.
A package of value will arrive soon.
A person travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
A pet will always brighten your day.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A problem is an backwards opportunity.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A sense of humor is the pole that adds balance as you walk the tightrope of life.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A small incident will develop to your advantage.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
A winner never whines. - Paul Brown
After all, tomorrow is another day. Happy Birthday!
After graduation, you enter upon the time of life where you are responsible for grading your own answers.
After you have children, the economic law reverses to Demand &amp; Supply - Marcelene Cox
Agarrate fuerte en tu sueños.
Ahora, es un buen tiempo para intentar algo nuevo.
Alguen esta secretamente enamorador(a) de ti.
Alguen querido te visitara proximamente.
Alguien esta pensando en tí.
Alguien habla bien de tí.
Align with existing forces even if you are against them. - Aikido Philosophy
All events are blessings given to us to learn from.
All great deeds, and all great thoughts, have a ridiculous beginning. Good luck on your journey.
All of your babies best traits must come from you!
All people smile in the same language.
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother. - Abraham Lincoln
Alone we can do little, together we can do so much.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. - Euripides
Always be kind.  Have a good attitude. Never give up. - Walter Swan
Always begin with an end in mind.
Always look for ways to add value for the customer.
Always take a photograph of a rainbow when you see one.
Always tell the truth- it's the easiest thing to remember. - David Mamet
Amor en tu futuro.
Get out of the dogma house.
Give the world the best you have and the best will come back to you.
Go forth Class of 2012, and conquer every challenge.
God  can do tremendous things through the person who doesn't care who gets the credit.
God can do wonders with a broken heart if we give him all the pieces.
God could not be everywhere, therefore made mothers - Jewish Proverb
God is rarely early, but always on time.
God never promised us a perfect life. He's saving that for the hereafter.
God will not do for you what you can do for yourself.
Good humor &amp; laughter will be a part of your child's life.
Good humor &amp; laughter will be a part of your child's life.
Good ideas come free of charge.
Good Luck, Lisa!
Good negotiators separate people from problems.
Good. Fast. Cheap. (Pick two.)
Graduation is not the end; it's the beginning.
Great knowledge brings great things.
Great knowledge brings great things.
Greetings of the Season and Best Wishes for the New Year!
Guard well your spare moments. They are like uncut diamonds.
Habitual patterns of thought determine success or failure.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Have a relaxed night tonight.
Have another piece of birthday cake. Who's watching?
Have fun!
Have patience- it will benefit you.
Have respect for yourself and others will too.
Have the courage and self- confidence to accept challenges without being sure you will succeed.
Haz algo inusual mañana.
Haz con los demas, lo que los demas quieres que hagan contigo.
Haz lo que tu corazón te indique.
Haz todo con confidencíalidad.
Haz uso de tus mas finos talentos.
Hazte necesario(a) para alguien.
He who knows the most says the least.
He who looketh upon a women loseth a fender - sign in a auto repair shop
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Helping a friend is like helping yourself.
Hi, Daddy!
Historians have it that the first pitcher to throw a curve was William A. (Candy) Cummmings in 1867.
Hold tight to your dreams.
Holiday Greetings &amp; Best Wishes for the New Year!
Holiday Greetings &amp; Best Wishes for the New Year!
Holiday time is when people want the past forgotten and their present remembered.
Honest differences are often healthy signs of progress. - Mahatma Gandhi
Honest is still the best policy.
Honesty Is The Best Policy.  Honest.
Honor is your greatest reward.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
Hope is like a balloon... it can't soar to the heavens if you hold it by the string.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment to improve the world.
I couldn't get you a present this year. I only had enough for this fortune cookie.
I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helped me grow, prosper, and reach great heights. - Adabella Radici
I LOVE YOU!
I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOU!
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. ~ Milton Berle
If the eyes are looked upon as the windows to the soul, then a smile must be the doorway to the heart.
If the idea you had three days ago still looks good, do it!
If we followed our own advice, we'd be successful. - Fred Astaire
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you'll be fired with enthusiasm. - Vince Lombardi
If you buy things you don't need, you'll soon be selling things you do. - Filipino Saying
If you buy what you don't need you steal from yourself. - Swedish
If you can't stand the head get out of the kitchen. - Harry Truman
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you don't believe Christmas lasts all year, take a look at your charge accounts.
If you don't control your destiny someone else will.
If you don't have a competitive edge, don't compete.
If you have a lemon; make lemonade. - Howard Gossage
If you mail your holiday gift early, it will give the receiver time to reciprocate.
If you only speak well of others, you never need to whisper.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. - Mark Twain
If you want to sell some jeans don't talk about them - Calvin Klein
Important events are in your future.
In 1920 Babe Ruth set the Major League record with 54 homers.
In 1921 Ruth broke his own record by hitting 59 homeruns.
In 1974 Hank Aaron hit his 715th homerun to break Babe Ruth's career record.
In a good business deal everyone wins.
In a good business deal everyone wins.
In a new situation, get all your expectations on the table.
In agreements, written words help dispel doubt.
In communications, focus your attention on the receiver.
In good times, people want to advertise; in bad times, they have to. - Bruce Barton
In his 15 years of major league play, George Sisler hit .340 but never played in a world Series game.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
In the 1940's Alan Courtney recorded 'Joltin Joe Dimaggio,' a very popular song with Yankee fans.
In the absence of authority assume it.
In the cookies of life, friends are the chocolate chips.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Einstein
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. ~ Einstein
In this Jubilee Year, grow in the likeness of Christ and in holiness.
In this life, we cannot do  great things, we can only do small things with great love.
In words of love a little exaggeration is O.K.
Infant care is a thing that has to be learned from the bottom up!
Influence someone you do not know.
Innovate or evaporate.
Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your children.
Integrity is the spine of business.
Integrity is the spine of business.
Invest, but never speculate.
Investment knowledge pays the best dividends.
Invierte, pero nunca especules.
It is a bad plan that allows for no modifications. - Syrus
It is a good time to finish up old tasks.
It is a good time to start something new.
It is better to be a leader than a follower.
It is not a mountain we conquer, but ourselves. ~ E. Hillary
It takes time to be a success. (But time is all it takes.)
It takes twenty years to make an overnight success. - Eddie Cantor
IT'S A BOY!!!
It's a perfect day to give your special someone a gift.
It's better to have a bad plan then no plan at all. - Charles de Gaulle
Jackie Robinson was the first black player to join the league in 1947. He won rookie of the year.
Jim Longborg, Boston Red Sox, gave up Mickey Mantle's 536th homerun, the last of his career in 1968.
Johnny Vander Meer of the Cincinnati Reds threw no-hitters back to back in 1938.
Judgment comes from experience, Experience comes from bad judgment.
Keep your expectations reasonable.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you.
Keep your family traditions alive and flourishing.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Know who knows and you need not know.
La felicidad te traera buena suerte.
La gente te admira por ser tan cariñoso(a).
La gente te encuentra atractivo(a), por dentro y por fuera.
La honestidad es la mejor poliza.
La honestidad es la mejor poliza.&nbsp; Honestamente.
La religión pura es amor en acción.
La sonrisa es una pequeña distancía entre dos personas.
La suerte esta contigo, actual de acuerdo tus instintos.
La suerte viene en tu camino.
La vida es corta para ser poquita.
Labels are for cans not people.
Laughter shortens the distance between people.
Leadership is action, not position. - Donald McGannon
Learn to laugh at yourself. You'll always be amused.
Learn.  Commit.  Do. (Repeat forever)
Leave undone whatever you hesitate to do. - Yoshida Kanko
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Let the people who do the work design the solutions
Let the spirit of the Jubilee Year into your daily life and the life of your family.
Let us be thankful for the fools. Without them the rest of us couldn't succeed.  - Mark Twain
Let your personality shine tonight.
Libre de deudas; fuera de peligro.
Life begins at forty!
Life is a blank canvas. You choose what to paint on it.
Life is a cup to be filled not drained.
Life is a promise: fulfill it. ~ Mother Theresa
Life is my college. May I graduate well, and earn some honors! ~ Louisa May Alcott
Life is not the candle or the wick, it's the burning.
Life is ours to be spent, not saved. - D.H.Lawrence
Life is too short to be little.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy eating birthday cake.
Listen to friends with an ear to the future.
Live for today- remember yesterday- plan for tomorrow.
Live for today. Learn from yesterday. Look to tomorrow.
Live your life as an Exclamation, rather than Explanation.
Live your life as if you were someone's only role model.
Live your life so that all you want your children to be, they see in you.
Long life is in store for you.
Look for happiness and you will find it.
Success comes in cans, failure in cant's. - Elizabeth Taylor
Success is energy! - Faye Dunaway
Success is more a function of consistent common sense than genius. - An Wang
Success is never a destination, it's a journey. - Satenig St. Marie
Success is never final. ~ Winston Churchill
Success is not a destination, it is a journey.
Success is preparation meeting opportunity.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage. - Charles Luckman
Success will be yours at home and in business.
Success will be yours at home and in business.
Success will come to you soon.
Success, remember is the reward of toil. - Sophocles
Successful salesman: someone who has found a cure for the common cold shoulder. -Robert Orben
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Take a break and enjoy your life.
Take a trip with a friend.
Take advantage of an unusual opportunity to advance.
Take as long a view as you can afford to take.
Take no risks with your reputation.
Take one day at a time.
Take pride in everything you do.
Take that chance you've been considering.
Take time every day to appreciate the gifts God gives us in people, in nature, in the arts.
Take time to laugh for it is the music of the soul.
Take time to smell the roses.
Take time to stop at the designated 'scenic overlooks'.
Talking does not teach.
Tears are water for your soul.
Tell the truth. It's easier to remember.
Tell your best friends how much you appreciate having them in your life.
Ten cuidado de la extravaganza.
Ten paciencia, te beneficíara.
Ten respeto hacía ti y otros lo tendran tambíen.
Tendras mejor suerte en la siguiente luna llena.
Tendras suerte cuando menos lo esperes.
Selling is finding the people to sell and selling the people you find. - Tom Hopkins
Serious trouble will pass you by.
Service is the rent we pay for room on this Earth.
Service is what life is all about. - Marian Wright Edelman
Seven days without prayer makes one WEAK.
Share your happiness with others today.
Show empathy for your customers.
Show gratitude for what you have now, then for all good things still ahead.
Si la idea que tuviste hace tres días es buena, hazla!!
Si siempre hablas bien por los demas, nunca necesitaras murmurar.
Si tú continúamente das, continúamente tendras.
Simple pleasures are the best.
Since it's the thought and not the gift that counts - consider this fortune a $1,000 bill!
Sleep is something that science can't abolish - but babies can.
Some friends wish you happiness, others wish you wealth, but you are wished most all, contentment blessed with health.
Some people must break before becoming whole.
Someone dear to you will be visiting you soon.
Someone in a distant city is thinking of you with love on this Valentine's Day.
Someone is secretly in love with you.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is thinking of you.
Someone once said, if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans.
Someone special is thinking of you.
Someone thinks you are very special and wants to let you know it.
Someone who deserves special attention awaits your magical voice.
Something important will be coming in the mail this month.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. - Lily Tomlin
Soon you will meet a friend from your past.
Speak well of friends. Of enemies, say nothing.
Spread love everywhere you go.
St. Mary's, located in Baltimore, is the parish house where Babe Ruth grew up and learned to play baseball.
Stand for something or you could fall for anything.
Stop waiting!  Buy that ticket.  Take that special trip.
Strive to provide all three.
Success can corrupt; usefulness can only exalt. - Dimitri Mitropoulos
Prepara el tiempo pora unas relajadodas vacaciones.
Preserva la vida salvaje…haz mas fiesta.
Preserve wild life...throw more parties.
Primero las cosas primeras.
Procrastination. . . the thief of time.
Products are merely physical expressions of in ideas.
Prosperidad tocara a tu puerta.
Prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Pure religion is Love in action.
Purpose, pattern, and people, the three P's at the heart of life. - Charles Handy
Purposeful prior planning prevents poor performance.
Quality service is what your customers say it is.
Quality, Service, Low Prices.
Read a biography of someone you have always admired.
Real business often happens after lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens after lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens during lunch or dinner.
Real business often happens during lunch or dinner.
Remember that life's experiences are almost always more valuable than things.
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
Remember that what you do with what happens to you, is more important than what happened.
Remember to keep the holiday spirit when you throw out the Christmas tree.
Retirement Does Not Mean Quitting Life.
Right now there is an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Romance and travel will be yours this Valentine's Day!
Romance, travel &amp; mystery are coming your way.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, Hope you enjoy this poem 'cause it's your Birthday gift too.
Satisfied customers are your best advertisements.
Save money and money will save you. - Jamaican Saying
Second thoughts are often wiser than first impressions.
See The Beauty In Everything.
Seek and ye shall find!
Seldom in doubt, frequently in error. - Old Legal Proverb
Self-improvement is a gift you give others.
Sell your ideas, they are totally acceptable.
Of all the things you wear, your expression is most noticeable.
Of the players who have collected 3,000 or more hits only Lou Brock &amp; Eddie Collins have never won a league batting title.
Ofrece tus ideas, son totalmente aceptables.
Olvida el ayer: Mañana sera un brillante día para ti.
On ordinary days, we need to say thanks to God for His gifts to us.
On the day which you were born, your boyfriend wishes you a happy birthday.
One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade. - Chinese Proverb
One good way to sell: Make it convenient to buy.
One is not old until regrets take place of dreams.
Only the educated are free. ~ Epictetus
Open wide the door to Christ in your life.
Optimists build castles in the sky.
Others need not lose for you to win.
Otros necesitan no perder para que tu puedas ganar.
Our child will be blessed with a large family.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Outward success alienates a man from himself. - James T. Hill
Over deliver. Under promise.
Over the Hill: When you stop describing symptoms, and accept what is chronically wrong.
P.S. I LOVE YOU
Pass the credit. Save the cash.
People admire you for being such a charmer.
People buy on emotion and justify with fact.
People find you attractive, inside and out.
People tend to get what they expect.
Pessimists dig dungeons.
Pitcher Tug Mcgraw tied a major league record in 1979 by allowing four grand slams.
Plan your journey with God's help, and the ride will be smooth.
Plan your work.  Work your plan.  (And be prepared for the unexpected.)
Plan your work. Work your plan. (Prepare for the unexpected.)
Planea tu trabajo.&nbsp; Trabaja tu plan.&nbsp; (Y está preparado para lo inesperado)
Plant a sunflower garden this spring!
Playing for the New York Giants in 1965, Willie Mays hit 36 homeruns and stole 40 bases.
Pray without ceasing. (1 Thes 5:17)
Money Seeks Good Ideas.
Mothers hold their children's hands for a short while, but their         hearts forever.
Mucha gente fracasa porque renuncían demasiado antes.
Muchos admiran tu apariencía fisica y social.
Muchos de tus deseos se convertirán en realidad.
Never delegate planning, motivating, or evaluating.
Never forget that contentment is the greatest wealth.
Never reveal the bottom of your purse or the depth of your mind. - Italian Saying
Never say never.
Never throw good money after bad.
Never underestimate the power of the symbolic.
No enseñes todo tu brillo a la vez.
No one ever went bankrupt because of low overhead.
No one's been hurt from laughing too much.
No te apresures en la vida, pausa y distrutala.
Nobody is counting calories at your birthday - they're all too busy counting candles.
Not to decide is a decision.
Nothing creates a firmer belief in heredity than having a good-looking baby!
Nothing endures, but change. - Heraclitus
Nothing icky will ever happen on your birthday.
Nothing interferes with the holidays more than looking for a parking space.
Nothing is more terrible then activity without insight. - Thomas Carlyle
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. - Henry Ford
Nothing makes us more tolerant of a neighbor's holiday party than being invited to it.
Nothing seems to make a child more affectionate then sticky hands.
Now is the most precious time. Seize it, live it, because it shall never come again.
Now is the time to start something new.
Now is the time to try something new.
Nowadays in business learning never ends.
Nowadays in business learning never ends.
Nunca dijas nunca.
Nunca, alguien ha muerto de reir tanto.
Observa; Escucha; Piensa; Siente Usa tu intuision - Luego hábla.
Observe; Listen; Think; Feel; Use Your Intuition - Then Speak.
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother.
Make yourself necessary to somebody.
Man who wear flat board on head may walk down path with dress on and people will applaud.
Manten tus espectaciones razonables.
Manten tus planes secretos por ahora.
Many admire your social and physical appearance.
Many answers are questionable.
Many new choices are upon you.
Many of your wishes will soon come true.
Many people fail because they quit too soon.
Many questions are unanswerable.
Mark Fidrych (the Bird of the Detroit Tigers won 19 games and lost only 9 his rookie season in 1976.
Marriage is one subject on which all women agree and all men disagree.
May each day be a joyful witness for you of God's love.
May good fortune come to you for your birthday!
May peace be always with you.
May the Prince of Peace bring you peace and joy throughout New Year 2011 and always.
May you be guided by the Lord and give thanks to Him for taking you to places beyond your imagination.
May you have a sweet birthday.
Measure how far you've come, not where you came from.
Measure success, not by how much money you make, but by your contributions to the lives of others.
Meet people half way. The exercise will do you good.
Men are what their mothers made them.
Men play the game, but women know the score.
Merry Christmas!
Mickey Mantle retired before the start of the 1969 season.
Mickey mantle struck out a total of 1,710 times out of 8,102 at bats.
Mickey Mantle was the first player to hit a homerun in the Astrodome, during an exhibition game in 1965.
Middle age is having a choice between two temptations and choosing the one that'll get you home earlier.
Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time catches up with Mother Nature.
Middle age is when your classmates are so gray, wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.
Middle Age: When you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.
Mira hacía el futuro pero no muy lejos que puedas perder el presente.
Mira la belleza en todo.
Money flows toward good ideas.
Money grows on the tree of persistence. - Japanese
Look for the big picture.
Look for the dream that keeps coming back.
Look for the good. Search for the truth. Hope for the best.
Look in the right places and you will find good fortune.
Look out Notre Dame!
Look to Mary, the Mother of God, as your model for the new year.
Look to the next month for some pleasant surprises.
Look toward the future, but not so far as to miss today.
Looking fifty is great - if you're sixty!
Los malos habitios son duros de romper, especialmente cuando te gustan.
Los mejoras negocios pueden suceder durante la comida o la cena.
Los simples placeres son los mejores.
Love comes to you in a red BMW this Valentine's Day!
Love does not always wear a friendly face.
Love is a grave mental disease. - Plato
Love is blind.  Jealousy; however, sees too much.
Love is blind. Jealously sees too much.
Love is in your future.
Love is like a pair of socks, you have to have two that match. - Yiddish Proverb
Love is like the moon, when it does not increase it decreases.
Love is like war, easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
Love of action is not industry. - Seneca
Love, time and patience are your three great physicians.
Low Overhead + High Demand = Sleepful Nights
Luck is coming your way.
Luck is now with you, act upon your instincts.
Luck will be yours when you least expect it.
Luck will visit you on the next full moon.
Lucky number 12-25-11 (due date)
Make amends wherever possible.
Make time for a relaxing vacation.
Make time for prayer and the scriptures in your daily life.
Make use of your finest talents.
Make your dreams a reality.
Make your life your sermon.
Look for the big picture.
Look for the dream that keeps coming back.
Look for the good. Search for the truth. Hope for the best.
Look in the right places and you will find good fortune.
Look out Notre Dame!
Look to Mary, the Mother of God, as your model for the new year.
Look to the next month for some pleasant surprises.
Look toward the future, but not so far as to miss today.
Looking fifty is great - if you're sixty!
Los malos habitios son duros de romper, especialmente cuando te gustan.
Los mejoras negocios pueden suceder durante la comida o la cena.
Los simples placeres son los mejores.
Love comes to you in a red BMW this Valentine's Day!
Love does not always wear a friendly face.
Love is a grave mental disease. - Plato
Love is blind.  Jealousy; however, sees too much.
Love is blind. Jealously sees too much.
Love is in your future.
Love is like a pair of socks, you have to have two that match. - Yiddish Proverb
Love is like the moon, when it does not increase it decreases.
Love is like war, easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
Love of action is not industry. - Seneca
Love, time and patience are your three great physicians.
Low Overhead + High Demand = Sleepful Nights
Luck is coming your way.
Luck is now with you, act upon your instincts.
Luck will be yours when you least expect it.
Luck will visit you on the next full moon.
Lucky number 12-25-11 (due date)
Make amends wherever possible.
Make time for a relaxing vacation.
Make time for prayer and the scriptures in your daily life.
Make use of your finest talents.
Make your dreams a reality.
Make your life your sermon.
La honestidad es la mejor poliza.&nbsp; Honestamente.
La religión pura es amor en acción.
La sonrisa es una pequeña distancía entre dos personas.
La suerte esta contigo, actual de acuerdo tus instintos.
La suerte viene en tu camino.
La vida es corta para ser poquita.
Labels are for cans not people.
Laughter shortens the distance between people.
Leadership is action, not position. - Donald McGannon
Learn to laugh at yourself. You'll always be amused.
Learn.  Commit.  Do. (Repeat forever)
Leave undone whatever you hesitate to do. - Yoshida Kanko
Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Let the people who do the work design the solutions
Let the spirit of the Jubilee Year into your daily life and the life of your family.
Let us be thankful for the fools. Without them the rest of us couldn't succeed.  - Mark Twain
Let your personality shine tonight.
Libre de deudas; fuera de peligro.
Life begins at forty!
Life is a blank canvas. You choose what to paint on it.
Life is a cup to be filled not drained.
Life is a promise: fulfill it. ~ Mother Theresa
Life is my college. May I graduate well, and earn some honors! ~ Louisa May Alcott
Life is not the candle or the wick, it's the burning.
Life is ours to be spent, not saved. - D.H.Lawrence
Life is too short to be little.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy eating birthday cake.
Listen to friends with an ear to the future.
Live for today- remember yesterday- plan for tomorrow.
Live for today. Learn from yesterday. Look to tomorrow.
Live your life as an Exclamation, rather than Explanation.
Live your life as if you were someone's only role model.
Live your life so that all you want your children to be, they see in you.
Long life is in store for you.
Look for happiness and you will find it.
Thank you for celebrating with us.
That which obtain too easily we esteem too lightly. - Thomas Paine
The best holiday gifts are wrapped in smiles.
The best holiday gifts are wrapped in smiles.
The best holiday gifts are wrapped in smiles.
The best holiday present is a welcome to family and friends
The best is yet to come.
The best possible infant care is to keep one end full and the other end dry.
The best way to make children good is to make them happy. - Oscar Wilde
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Peter Drucker
The clouds will rain success on to you.
The counting of years matters little, it's what we put into the years that gives the meaning.
The current leader  for a player who played the most games in their career is Pete Rose who played 3,562.
The current year will bring you much happiness.
The final act of business judgment is intuitive. - Alfred Sloan
The final act of business judgment is intuitive. - Alfred Sloan
The finest holiday present to give yourself is a little peace of mind when the season gets hectic.
The first catcher's mask was worn in 1875.
The first time admission was charged for a baseball game was in 1856; the cost was 50 cents.
The four basic food groups during the holidays are cookies, pastries, ginger bread houses and pies.
The four D's of business: Dreams; Deals; Details; Deadlines.
The four D's of business: Dreams; Deals; Details; Deadlines.
The four-ball walk to first base was instituted in 1889.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
The game ain't over 'till it's over. - Yogi Berra
The gifts you have received in life, are the gifts you are here in this world to share.
The great man is he who dares not lose his child's heart.
The greatest gift and honor is having you for a daughter. Happy Brithday!
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart. -Polish Proverb
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The harder you work, the luckier you get. - Gary Player
The heart has reasons the mind cannot understand.
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you         will always find forgiveness.
The holiday season is as meaningful as we make it.
The holiday season is as meaningful as we make it.
The holidays are a great reason to eat too much.
The holidays are a race to see what gives out first - your feet or your money.
The holidays are a time when we eat 2,000 calories before noon.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. ~ Einstein
The law of heredity is: All undesirable traits come from the other parent.
The leaders sense and transform the needs of followers.
The love of money is the root of all evil. - Saint Paul
The most generous holiday gift is friendship.
The most generous holiday gift is friendship.
The most generous holiday gift is friendship.
The most generous holiday gift is friendship.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to         love their mother.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
The New York Yankees have won the most World Series, winning 23 times.
The next person you meet could become your very best friend.
The next snowy weekend, get out the board game you enjoyed most growing up.
The night life is for you.
The old believe everything, the middle-age suspect everything, the young know everything.
The oldest parks in the major leagues are Comisky Park, Chicago; and Tiger Stadium, Detroit.
The only people who never fail never try. - Ilka Chase
The only pitch to ever pitch a no-hitter on opening day was Bob Feller of the Cleveland Indians.
The only thing of value we can give our children is what we are, not what we have.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to eat it. Happy Birthday!
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
The party always begins when you arrive.
The past is gone... tomorrow is full of possibilities.
The philosophy of one century is common sense to the next.
The purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
The quick fix is a mirage.
The rainbow's treasures will soon belong to you.
The respect of influential people will soon be yours.
The results are only shadow and echoes of your actions. - Counsels of the Great Yu
The riches of others make you more vauable.
The road to success is always under construction.
The road to success is always under construction. - Lily Tomlin
The road to success is not a path you find but a trail you blaze.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli
The secret to business is to know something that nobody else knows. - Aristotle Onassis
The secret to business is to know something that nobody else knows. - Aristotle Onassis
The seeds of an idea you planted long ago finally blossom.
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.
The smart thing to do is be yourself.
The smart thing to do is to prepare for the unexpected.
The social scene can be fun today.
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.  (Is 61:1)
The star of happiness is shining on you.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The sun is always shining somewhere.
The sun will shine through your heart and warm your soul.
The tassel is worth the hassle!
The three-strike rule was put on the books in 1887.
The time is right to make new friends.
The true leader is always led. - Carl Jung
The truly educated never graduate.
The two hardest things in life are failure and success.
The way you spend the holidays is more important than how much you spend.
The world will soon be ready to receive your talents.
The worst use that can be made of success is to boast of it. - Arthur Helps
There are big changes coming that will make you happy.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There have only been 12 players to hit 4 homeruns in one game, the first being Bobby Lowe on May 30, 1884.
There is no time more fitting to say Thank You and to wish you a Happy New Year.
There will always be delightful mysteries in your life.
These holidays are a great way to spend money and not feel guilty about it.
Things do not change, we change. - Thoreau
Things of luxury will surround you.
Things refuse to be mismanaged long. - Emerson
Think Clearly. Act Decisively.
Think clearly. Act decisively. Live honorably.
Think win-win or No Deal.
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart.
This cookie was not big enough to tell you how much we LOVE you. Mom &amp; Dad
This is a prosperous time of life for you.
This Valentine's Day will bring you a love thought lost.
This Valentine's Day will bring you the attention of someone special.
This year will bring you happiness.
Those who cannot accept advice and will not be counseled cannot be helped. - Benjamin Franklin
Those who never ask know all, or nothing.
Time is the iron that smoothes away the wrinkles in our past.
Time to leave the eagle's nest. To you our very best!
Time you enjoyed wasting, is not wasted time. - T .S. Elliot
To clarify another's problem, rephrase the content; reflect the feeling.
To give you must receive. To receive you must give.
To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
To keep the heart unwrinkled, be hopeful, kind, and cheerful. It's the only way to triumph over old age.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom. ~ Happy Birthday!
To know how to wait is the great secret of success. - De Maistre
To make a good product, design a smart process.
Today, your hard work is recognized. Congratulations!
Trata de relajarte esta nocha.
True happiness comes from within.
Work hard. Help others. Be sincere.
Truth is usually better than subtlety.
Two lawyers can live in a town where one cannot. - V.S. Lean
Ty Cobb, who hit 118 homeruns in his career, once hit three homers in one game on May 15, 1925.
Un amigo pregunta sólo por tu tiempo, no por tu dinero.
Un amigo vendrá a obsequíarte un regalo.
Un buen comienzo es sólo la mitad de terminar.
Un buen tiempo para empezar algo nuevo.
Un inesperado evento te traerá felicidad pronto.
Un libro esta en tu fúturo.
Un nuevo reto se aproxima.
Un paquete de valor llegará pronto.
Un pequeño incidente desenboluera una gran ventaja.
Un problema serio pasera a tu lado.
Un refrescante cambio esta en tu futuro.
Una conciencia limpía es una almuada blanda.
Una larga vida aguarda para tí.
Una mascota siempre te alumbra tu día.
Una placentera sorpresa esta en la tienda para tí.
Understand that you have the skills and experiences that will equip you for different adventures.
Until someone sells an idea nothing happens.
Verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. - Louis B. Mayer
Victory belongs to the most persevering. - Napoleon
Vive el momento, recuerda el pasado y planea el futuro.
Warmest thoughts and best wishes for a wonderful holiday and a very Happy New Year.
We all smile in the same language.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
We do not know what the future holds, but we have each other.
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
We feel close to everyone during the holidays -especially in the aisles of stores.
We must become the change we want to see. - Gandhi
We need more people who specialize in the impossible. - Roethke
We never know the love of the parent until we become parents         ourselves.
We only do well the things we like doing. - Colette
We spend our school days yearning to graduate and our remaining days nostalgic about our days in school.
We tend to get what we expect. - Norman Vincent Peale
Wealth can't buy heath, but heath can buy wealth. - Henry David Thoreau
Wealth without wisdom is a fool's paradise.
Welcome one another as Christ has welcomed you. (Rom 15:7)
Welcome to the beginning!
Well begun is half done. - Aristotle
What comes from the heart, touches the heart.
What goes around comes around.
What is now proved was once imagined. - William Blake
What kills the skunk is the publicity it gives itself. - Abraham Lincoln
What many of us want for Christmas is - the day after.
What most people consider as a virtue, after the age of 40, it is simply a loss of energy.
What you decide today will be your good fortune.
What you don't owe won't hurt you.
What you earn depends on what you learn. - Bill Clinton
What you think is a problem is an opportunity for growth.
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, one hundred. - Thomas Jefferson
When Christmas starts so early that Santa's wearing  shorts, that's too early.
When enlightened business people pass on, they leave good Corps.
When holiday songs speak of peace on Earth, why don't they tell us where?
When the cards are in the mail and all the gifts are wrapped, there's 30 days reprieve until VISA catches up.
When you arrive at the fork in the road, take it. - Yogi Berra
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
While too much food may fill the stomach, too much knowledge can never fill the brain.
Why is it called a white Christmas when it leaves most of us in the red?
Why not split the holiday chores? I'll sign the cards, you sign the checks.
Willie May's first major league hit was a homerun in May of 1951 off of Warren Spahn of the Boston Braves.
Winners never quit. Quitters never win.
Wishing for the good old days only means you're old.
Wishing that your special delivery will be a very special package of delight.
Wishing that your special delivery will be a very special package of delight.
Wishing that your special delivery will be a very special package of delight.
Wishing you a holiday Season filled with joy and good cheer and the best of everything in the coming year.
Wishing you a year filled with health, happiness, and lots of good fortune!
With each year you have become more knowledgeable, forgiving, loving, and forgetful.
Without the help of God, we would have nothing.
Words, once spoken, cannot be recalled.
Work is play. Play is work.
Work on improving your exercise routine.
Work will expand to fill the time allotted. - Parkinson's Law
Worries are prayers for outcomes you don't want.
Wrinkles merely indicate where the smiles have been.
Yankee Stadium was built in the early 1920's to hold the large crowds that Babe Ruth attracted.
Yankee Stadium was known as 'The House Babe Built,' cause the revenue that Ruth brought in financed construction.
Yes, go ahead with confidence.
You are a celebration of joy and life.
You are a classic.
You are a leader in your own way.
You are a person of culture.
You are a true romantic.
You are always the center of attention.
You are always welcome in many ways.
You are an angel.  Beware of those who collect feathers.
You are capable, competent, and creative.  Prove it.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
You are careful and systematic in your business arrangements.
You are deeply attached to your family and home.
You are destined to be lucky in love
You are entering a time of great romance &amp; overdue happiness.
You are highly respected among your friends.
You are next in line for a promotion.
You are not over the hill yet. You are just at the top.
You are not to be compared with others.
You are only as old as you feel.
You are only starting on the path to success.
You are original and creative.
You are sociable and entertaining at all times.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the bows from which your children, as living arrows, are sent forth.
You are the center of every group's attention.
You are the evening star in someone's eyes.
You are the life of any party.
You are the master of every situation.
You are the painter and sculptor of your own life.
You are unrepeatable miracle of God!
You are very expressive and positive in words and feelings.
You are very optimistic.
You are what you think about.
You can always trust your friends.
You can be master of every situation.
You can get what you want but not how you wanted it.
You can never plan the future by the past. - Edmund Burke
You can prosper in the field of computers.
You can prosper in the field of high technology.
You can prosper in the field of medical research.
You can trust a crystal ball about as far as you can throw it. - Faith Popcorn
You cannot control the wind but you may adjust your sails.
You cannot direct the wind, but you can direct the sails.
You cannot slide uphill.
You cannot slide uphill.
You deserve a good time after a hard day of work.
You deserve a hug, right now.
You find beauty in ordinary things.
You give power to what you give attention to.
You have a capacity for enjoying life.
You have a deep appreciation for art and music.
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You have a secret rival.
You have an ambitious nature.
You have an important new business developing.
You have an important new business developing.
You have found good company: enjoy.
You have great patience.
You have strong personal ideas and convictions.  Treasure them.
You have the ability to work well with others.
You have the attitude of a winner.
YOU LIGHT UP MY LIFE!
You love peace.
You love to be the center of attention.
You made it!
You may go now. Your brain is full.
You need not worry about the future.
You never worry about the future.
You took the wrong cookie. Now you've messed everything up.
You will be called upon to help a friend.
You will be honored by someone you respect.
You will be promoted soon.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be rich and respected.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be successful in a business of your own.
You will be successful in a business of your own.
You will be successful in your career.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find gold among the sand.
You will find opportunity at the center of difficulty.
You will have a long and healthy life.
You will have a lot of love in your future.
You will have a lot of love in your future.
You will have no problems in your home.
You will have some wonderful new experiences.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
You will make a great dad!
You will make your own footprints in the snow.
You will meet someone special at a social event.
You will meet someone special at your friend's party.
You will meet someone special this week.
You will overcome difficult times.
You will receive a secret romantic message in a strange way.
You will receive something important in the mail soon.
You will see the great pyramids in Egypt.
You will soon be crossing great waters.
You will soon be invited to a party.
You will soon be on a secret mission of the heart.
You will soon be sitting on top of the world.
You will soon be the center of attention.
You will soon have an heir.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will travel to many exotic places.
You will travel to many places in the world.
You will travel to many places.
YOU'RE MINE! &amp; I'M YOURS! BE MY VALENTINE!
You've got to have a dream. If you never dream, how are you going to have a dream come true?
Your baby will be a source of great joy to you all of your life.
Your baby will be blessed with a life full of happiness &amp; wonder.
Your baby will be fun-loving &amp; blessed with great wit and humor!
Your baby will bring a lifetime of joy &amp; laughter to your family.
Your baby will exhibit an exuberance for living throughout life.
Your baby will exhibit great wit &amp; charm throughout life, and have many friends.
Your brain is a receiver for infinite intelligence.
Your business will be successful.
Your career looks bright.
Your career plans look bright.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
Your child will be blessed with a large family.
Your child will have a generous and loving spirit &amp; be cherished by many.
Your circle of friends will soon grow larger.
Your confidence and assurance attracts others.
Your courage will guide your future.
Your current year will bring you much happiness.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Your dreams can come true, if you have the courage to pursue them!
Your family is a link to the past, a bridge to the future.
Your fortune is sweet as a cookie.
Your future looks bright.
Your good nature and kindness will be appreciated by many on your Birthday.
Your happiness is a byproduct of an effort to make someone else happy.
Your hard work is about to pay off.
Your help will be needed by a close friend.
Your life is a tapestry of rich and royal hue.
Your love, unlike this cookie, will never crumble.
Your luck has been changed for the better today.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your new baby will be gifted with many rare talents!
Your prayers will be answered.
Your sense of humor is enjoyed by all.
Your smile brings happiness to others.
Your success and happiness lie in you. - Helen Keller
Your success depends on your ability to dream and how you follow through.
Your wishes will come true tonight.
